dev/reference/tools: add migrating data from Aurora to TiDB (#1145)
pingcap/docs: TOC.md

    - [Monitor a TiDB Cluster](dev/how-to/monitor/monitor-a-cluster.md)
  + Migrate
    - [Overview](dev/how-to/migrate/overview.md)

>     + [Migrate from Aurora](dev/reference/tools/data-migration/from-aurora.md)

Reviewer: Please update the link and move this line to the position before "Migrate from CSV".

```suggestion
    + [Migrate from Aurora](dev/how-to/migrate/from-aurora.md)
```

Author: Addressed!
